---
layout: post
title:  "Day 29 - How hard could it be?"
subtitle: " ...boys do it"
date:   2025-02-10 19:31:00
categories: [data-engineering]
---
Day 29 of the [Data Engineering Zoomcamp Cohort 2025](https://github.com/DataTalksClub/data-engineering-zoomcamp/) course and we now have 
small group of women_of_dtc in slack thanks to Marcella! Coming from STEM in general
and especially in the field of meteorology and mathematics, I was still
very surprised about the disproportionate number of women in the course, or at least
what I see in the slack channel. It will be great to have a sub community
for support. 

This past week, we got our scores back for HW 2, and I guess I am going to strive 
for perfection now, as I continue to be tied in first with 'SpreadSheetStation' and
'Dehao Zhang', go us! As for module 3, we learned about BigQuery with a focus on 
partitioning and clustering. This module I found was very easy to follow 
and understand, and time wise has been my most efficient. 
 
I am keeping my [Gitbook](https://data-engineering-zoomcamp-2025-t.gitbook.io/tinker0425/) notes and homework additions up to date. This week 
I will be working on the workshop portion of the course, once my wifi is strong
enough to play the youtube recording of the live session :). Thanks for following along!

***
Interested in joining the course?! I am writing this 2/10/25 and you can still join
the [Data Engineering Zoomcamp Cohort 2025](https://github.com/DataTalksClub/data-engineering-zoomcamp/) or if you're late to 
reading this, the material should still live there. You can also follow
along weekly, by checking the [leaderboard](https://courses.datatalks.club/de-zoomcamp-2025/leaderboard) to find homework submissions
and links to github repos and #learninginpublic - my username is 'Cloudy Bluewave'.